[1.40.x] Release Notes for 1.40.0.Final (#371)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Generating Release Notes for Serverless Workflow

> 1. You can retrieve all changes in the release page of each repository of the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can retrieve all changes on the release page of each repository of the project:
```

   - https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-runtimes/releases/tag/{version}
   - https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-apps/releases/tag/{version}
   - https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-examples/releases/tag/{version}
   - https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-runtimes/releases/tag/{version_without_Final}
   - https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-runtimes/releases/tag/v{version_without_Final}

> Replace `{version}` with the given core version, for example `1.40.0.Final`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `{version}` with the given core version, for example, `1.40.0.Final`.  
```

> Replace `{version_without_Final}` with the given cloud version, for example `1.40.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `{version_without_Final}` with the given cloud version, for example, `1.40.0`.
```

2. Update the page [release_notes.adoc](serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/release_notes.adoc)

>    You should get JIRA issues with `KOGITO` and `DROOLS` projects as well as issues coming from the `kie-issues` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must get JIRA issues with the `KOGITO` and `DROOLS` projects and issues from the `kie-issues` repository.
```

4. Align with the team what should be under "Notable changes"
5. Add the rest to "Other Changes and Bug Fixing".

> 6. Open a PR in the target **branch** version, **not** main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Open a PR in the target **branch** version, **not** main.
```

> 7. Add one member from each squad to review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Add one member from each squad to review.
```
